One, two, three, four

I woke up, it was seven, I waited 'til 11
Just to (figure out that) no one would call
I think I've got a lot of friends, but (I don't hear from them)
(What's another night all alone)
When you're spending every day on your own?
And here we go

I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
I'm just a kid, I know that it's not fair
Nobody cares, 'cause I'm alone and the world is
Having more fun than me tonight

And maybe when the night is dead, I'll crawl into my bed
I'm staring at these four walls again
I'll try to think about the last time I had a good time
Everyone's got somewhere to go
And they're gonna leave me here on my own
And here it goes

I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
I'm just a kid, I know that it's not fair
Nobody cares, I'm alone and the world is
Having more fun than me

What the fuck is wrong with me? Don't fit in with anybody
How did this happen to me?
Wide awake, I'm bored and I can't fall asleep
And every night is the worst night ever

Hey, Orlando!
I wanna try something with you tonight
You guys wanna try something special with me tonight?
Hey, what are you thinking?
Hey, alright

I want you guys to show me a perfect line in the middle
I wanna cut this crowd, that includes you guys upstairs
I wanna cut this crowd in two sides
So some of you guys take two steps on this side
Some of you guys take two steps on the other side
C'mon, you gotta cuddle a little bit, you know
You gotta feel the love here tonight
Get closer, get closer (let's do it)
Alright, that's good
You guys, right here, are gonna be my side and Jeff's side, is that cool?

Now, everybody on this side
You, oh you, you happen to be the sexy side
You're on my side and Sébastien's side
We have to beat that side
We have to scream "I'm just a kid" so loud
You wanna scare that side all the way home
Are you ready?
Here we go
One, two, three, I'm just a (kid)
One, two, three

I'm just a kid
(I'm just a kid, I'm just a kid, I'm just a kid, I'm just a kid)
One more time (I'm just a kid, I'm just a kid)
Alright, alright
I'm just a kid (I'm just a kid), I'm just a kid (I'm just a kid)
I'm just a kid (I'm just a kid), yeah, I'm just a kid (I'm just a kid)
One more, I'm just a kid
One, two, three

I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
I'm just a kid, I know that it's not fair
Nobody cares, I'm alone and the world is...
Nobody wants to be alone in the world

I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
I'm just a kid, I know that it's not fair
Nobody cares, I'm alone and the world is...
Nobody wants to be alone in the world
I'm just so pissed I'm alone and the world is
Having more fun than me tonight

I'm all alone tonight
Nobody cares tonight
'Cause I'm just a kid tonight